SCTAFix and SCTARebalance: 

	SCTAFix and SCTARebalance are mods, meant to be used togethor and seperate. The original SCTA was a mod from GPGNet era, where in a user called Raevn brought over the units from TA to Supreme Commander Forged Alliance. 
The stats of those units were more or less direct ports of the original units, resulting in some funky balancing when play against or even with a Supreme Commander Faction. Eventually GPGNet and the GPGNet servers were taken down, original author Raevn stopped working on. Eventually SCTA got ported to FAF, where in process to make SCTA usable with FAF code by an individual named Axel, converted or modified much of the original code from Raevn. The SCTAFix mod is similar in intent to that and even uses some similar coding solution that Axel had used. Axel had also inadvertently broke some features of the original SCTA mod and has compatibility issues with more than a few other mods. SCTAFix seeks to remedy and fix that, while also removing junk code that would no longer serve a purpose on FAF versus in Raevn's original version.
	SCTARebalance is part of the project but it should be understood as an add on to SCTAFix Mod, in that it modifies several of SCTAFix mod core attributes. The reason is SCTAFix when played is meant to provide a genuine TA experience or closest as it can be in the engine and client provided by Supreme Commander. The purpose of SCTARebalance is making the 2 TA Factions (ARM and CORE), viable, balanced and fun play in conjunction with one of the original four Supreme Commanders (and Nomads). In that way SCTARebalance dramatically changes or reworks several units to function in a similar to Supreme Commander equivalents.
	Some of those changes are part in SCTAFix, notably radar overlays for example. This document details how a TA faction plays, their various weird quirks and what the strategy for these factions are meant to be in comparison a normal Supreme Commander faction.

TA is Not Supreme Commander:
    	When playing a TA Faction, it should be understood they are Total Annihilation Faction not a Supreme Commander one. That means there are certain elements missing completely from a TA faction that would be in a Supreme Commander one. The two main differences lack of T3 Units in any capacity, T3 Mass Extractors and Shields. They also have cheaper buildings (through it should be noted that is in literal sense of stat lines, there actual cost is costed in comparison to TA factions economy), that have notably less health, are often volatile in comparison to Supreme Commander factions. There units will tend to be more expensive, and but have more health at the T1 stage. And the other major difference in how the 2 TA Coms should be used in comparison to one of the SupCom ACU's. At notably less health, but more buildpower, they are primary meant to construction units that can be used defensively due to cloaking (and SCTARebalance stealth). To help secure an expansion but not be used to push aggressively or as offensive tool. 
	 CORE&ARM however do have strengths and capabilites not seen in Supreme Commander factions. The most notable one is that a TA unit is not limited to shooting at its "target", if there muzzle/weapon can be rotated/point up (or down) it can shoot at an air unit despite being a ground to ground (or air to ground unit). Likewise for air to air units can shoot against targets because they are not limited on targeting restrictions. That said, being able to shoot at a target and hitting a target are two very different things. But it is capability that a TA faction has that a Supcom faction does not have. But even with that noted, the targeting restrictions for a TA faction do exist, without a unit called a targeting installation if a TA faction can see a target on radar but lacks visual. It won't shoot at it unless you have a rader targeting station. Which brings in another important factor for TA.
	TA energy econony in many ways is better than a Supcom, this is due to the fact there PGens are more mass efficient in terms of raw power production to mass ratio, and they have more than few units that also produce powers such as engineers. Further several TA buildings, like there equivalent to that PD grant energy storage. Unlike in FAF, TA Factories still grant energy storage, at this moment however Dcannon is currently rebalanced to in the rebalance version to require 5000 energy compared to its original requirements. But TA Coms with Stealth and Cloaking are far harder to snipe, if used and can maintain your power required to use them. The other major difference between the Total Annihilation and Supreme Commander visible from the start is the factory setup. 
	TA factories in this version currently have 5 factories (6 for CORE and if rebalanced version turned on 6 for ARM. As Gamma of Total Mayham has let this project use the Drake as a counterpart to the Krogoth) types. They are Kbot, Vehicle, Air, Sea and Hover. Eventually a sixth factory for sea planes will be added and sea planes introduced to the mod for total of 6 or 7 factory types. The most notable difference to be understood however is with the 'two' land equivalent factories. The Kbot and Vehicle, it is somewhat entirely possible to completely play with only one of the two factories in a game. Many ways the game was designed to allow someone to do just that, but the differences of Kbots and Vehicles, are almost like LAB vs Medium tanks. Kbots which tend to be stronger for ARM, are fast, high damage but low health. While in the case of tanks are slow, low damage but high health, and the CORE faction tends to make better use of them. In that regard they complement each other and should be used in conjunction and furthermore, an ARM player using only Tanks will have a lack of artillery and anti-air. A CORE player using only Kbots will see the reverse effect, all said and done it should be understood that ignoring one of the other while possible its not recommended for a variety of reasons. 
	The TA factions end game is not the same as it is for Supreme Commander. They have been adjusted to be given 3 experimentals, the Krogoth/Drake, Buzzsaw/Vulcan and Nuclear Missiles similar to a Yolono Oss. These experimentals are nowhere near rhe strength or power of a Supreme Commander Experimental. A Krogoth will not match up favorably against a Monkeylord for example (through I do intend to buff a Krogoth up eventually to make it comparable). Furthemore you lack shields and have a mediocre TMD. Meaning if force to turtle, as the TA player you have a distinct disadvantage in that game, meaning you want to constantly be aggressive and pushing. Also due to volality of units, if you lose them in a push, they are not as likely to leave a reclaim field when compared to a Supreme Commander force making it less painful to lose engagements in such a fashion. Finally your TMD, is power hungry preloads its anti-shells akin to an SMD. That is because it can and will target SML's, this is make it so as a TA player you atleast can attempt to deny a SML even if not very efficiently. Finally, use your hotkeys the single biggest advice, if your unfamiliar with units is that hotkeys exist. I tried to assign and make sure every unit is hotkeyed similar to what there role would be equivalent to Supreme Commander. 
	Playing against in TA, when SCTARebalance is on is also slightly different, given the adjustments. You will want to focus firepower on buildings instead of engies. Because their engineers have more health than an equivalent Supreme Commander and furthermore due to how most structures are some form of volatiles, they have a tendency not leave wrecks as often. Meaning that hitting eco makes it harder to recover than hitting buildpower as be the case in Supreme Commander. Otherwise its a matter of understanding at start of the match TA will have the upperhand due to a variety of advantages. Once the game progress to T2, it'll begin to shift in your favor. But you need to survive those few early moments in the game against a Total Annihilation faction, as that were they are strrong. 
	Good Luck Commander 